[Music]
since childhood I have been fascinated
with language I've invented my own you
invented an entire life yes I've
made stories legends tell me a story
in any language you want about Janice
the journeys we take to prove ourselves
it's about adventures we should form a
club a Brotherhood changed the world
through the power of art music poetry
and what about talking I want to write
something it's about magic beyond
anything anyone has ever felt before
what it means to tough to be loved
whoa
[Music]
[Applause]
where you all of the wisdom was at
language I had to tell you mr. talkie
but never come across anything like it
this is more than just a friendship it's
an alliance an invincible alliance
a fellowship
you
[Music]